#Anway Overviewway

##Atwhay isway itgay?

Git is a piece of TEST TEST TEST software that helps organize and track changes to files over time (usually text based files, like code), and helps multiple users work on the same projects, without stepping on each others' toes. Git is run from the command line (by default the [Terminal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_%28OS_X%29) on Macs and the [Command Prompt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cmd.exe) on PCs), usually by running `git`, followed by another key word, then often followed by various options.

sublimerge test

##What is github?

Github is a website (you're on it now!) that provides a visual interface for git, as well as hosting the files that make up a project. *One* version of these files is hosted on github servers (called the *remote* version), but in almost every case there are many other versions on various other computers (called *clones*). For example, on my computer at work I have a version of these files, and another version on my computer at home. When you follow these tutorials, you'll have your own version(s). As we work on the files, at various times we will sync them up with the remote version that is on github, by **pushing** the changes we make to github and **pulling** down the changes other users make to the remote version.

I go over a few nice github features in [another document](working.md), but most of what we'll talk about is specific to git, not github. Almost all of the functions and commands we talk about are still valid when using services such as [bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/) or [gitlab](https://about.gitlab.com/).

Many [open-source software projects](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) are hosted on github (or bitbucket and other git hosting services). Personally, I am a passionate proponent for open-source software, working in the open, and the open data movement. I'd be happy to chat more about the whys and the hows of open-source development, and [many](https://github.com/18F/open-source-policy/blob/master/policy.md) [other](http://www.gnu.org/gnu/manifesto.html) [folks](https://okfn.org/opendata/why-open-data/) have written more eloquently and thorougly than I ever could.

Most software developers write their code using git, sometimes in public, sometimes in private (charging for private hosting is one way github makes money). The more you work with git, the more invaluable it will become to you.

##Overview
In the [main tutorial](working.md), there's a ton of information and steps to follow. Here, I'll just give a quick overview of the fundamental git workflow. Let's say you're working on some files, on your local clone, and want to sync up with the remote version on github:

###git add
Flag certain file(s) as ready to be synced

###git commit
Lump all your changes together, and write a message describing the changes

###git pull
Retreive changes other users have sent to the remote repo

###git push
Send your changes to the remote repo




Ithubgay isway away ebsiteway (ou'reyay onway itway ownay!) 
atthay ovidespray away isualvay interfaceway orfay itgay, asway 
ellway asway ostinghay ethay ilesfay atthay akemay upway away 
ojectpray. *Oneway* ersionvay ofway esethay ilesfay isway 
ostedhay onway ithubgay erverssay (alledcay ethay *emoteray* 
ersionvay), utbay inway almostway everyway asecay erethay areway
 anymay otherway ersionsvay onway ariousvay otherway omputerscay
. Orfay exampleway, onway ymay omputercay atway orkway Iway 
avehay away ersionvay ofway esethay ilesfay, andway anotherway 
ersionvay onway ymay omputercay atway omehay. Enwhay ouyay 
ollowfay esethay utorialstay, ou'llyay avehay ouryay ownway 
ersionvay(say). Asway eway orkway onway ethay ilesfay, atway 
ariousvay imestay eway illway yncsay emthay upway ithway ethay 
emoteray ersionvay atthay isway onway ithubgay, ybay **ushingpay
** ethay angeschay eway akemay otay ithubgay andway **ullingpay
** ownday ethay angeschay otherway usersway akemay otay ethay 
emoteray ersionvay.

Iway ogay overway away ewfay icenay ithubgay eaturesfay inway [
anotherway ocumentday](orkingway.mday), utbay ostmay ofway 
atwhay e'llway alktay aboutway isway ecificspay otay itgay, 
otnay ithubgay. Almostway allway ofway ethay unctionsfay andway 
ommandscay eway alktay aboutway areway illstay alidvay enwhay 
usingway ervicessay uchsay asway [itbucketbay](httpsay://
itbucketbay.orgway/) orway [itlabgay](httpsay://aboutway.
itlabgay.omcay/).

Anymay [openway-ourcesay oftwaresay ojectspray](httpay://enway.
ikipediaway.orgway/ikiway/Eefray_andway_openway-ourcesay_
oftwaresay) areway ostedhay onway ithubgay (orway itbucketbay 
andway otherway itgay ostinghay ervicessay). Ersonallypay, Iway 
amway away assionatepay oponentpray orfay openway-ourcesay 
oftwaresay, orkingway inway ethay openway, andway ethay openway 
ataday ovementmay. I'dway ebay appyhay otay atchay oremay 
aboutway ethay yswhay andway ethay owshay ofway openway-ourcesay
 evelopmentday, andway [anymay](httpsay://ithubgay.omcay/18FAY/
openway-ourcesay-olicypay/obblay/astermay/olicypay.mday) [
otherway](httpay://wwway.ugnay.orgway/ugnay/anifestomay.htmlay
) [olksfay](httpsay://okfnway.orgway/opendataway/ywhay-openway-
ataday/) avehay ittenwray oremay eloquentlyway andway 
orouglythay anthay Iway everway ouldcay.

Ostmay oftwaresay evelopersday itewray eirthay odecay usingway 
itgay, ometimessay inway ublicpay, ometimessay inway ivatepray (
argingchay orfay ivatepray ostinghay isway oneway ayway ithubgay
 akesmay oneymay). Ethay oremay ouyay orkway ithway itgay, ethay
 oremay invalualeway itway illway ecomebay otay ouyay.

##Away ossaryglay ofway ermstay

Ithubgay ashay away [imilarsay ossaryglay](httpsay://elphay.
ithubgay.omcay/articlesway/ithubgay-ossaryglay/) onlineway, 
utbay ere'shay away ippedstray ownday ersionvay ofway ustjay 
ethay ermstay Iway useway inway isthay utorialtay

##Itgay ermstay





- **anchbray:** Away eparatesay ersionvay ofway away 
epositoryray, erewhay userway(say) ancay orkway ithoutway 
akingmay angeschay otay ethay ainmay anchbray (alledcay astermay
). Oftenway, afterway inishingfay orkway inway away anchbray, 
userway(say) illway *ergemay* ethay anchbray ackbay ithway 
astermay.

- **oneclay:** Ethay ocallay ersionvay ofway away ivengay 
epositoryray onway away ivengay user'sway ocallay omputercay. 
Ouyay ancay orkway onway away oneclay omfray anywhereway, 
evenway ifway ou'reyay offlineway.

- **ommitcay:** Insteadway ofway avingsay ilesfay, ouyay 
ommitcay emthay otay itgay. Enwhay ou'veyay ademay angeschay 
otay oneway orway ultiplemay ilesfay, allway osethay angeschay 
areway oredstay inway oneway ommitcay (it'sway away erbvay 
andway away ounnay). Ethay ommitcay ashay away uniqueway idway, 
andway isway escribedday ybay away **ommitcay essagemay** 
ichwhay umssay upway ethay angeschay.

- **ergemay:** Inway omesay asescay, insteadway ofway **
ushingpay** aightstray otay ethay emoteray epositoryray, ouyay 
illway **ergemay** angeschay intoway ethay epositoryray. 
Ometimessay isthay isway ecausebay ouyay ereway orkingway onway 
away eparatesay **anchbray** atthay eedsnay otay ebay ergedmay, 
ometimessay isthay illway ebay ecausebay ouyay encounterway away
 **ergemay onflictcay**, ichwhay isway enwhay ouryay angeschay 
andway angeschay anotherway userway ademay ontradictcay eachway 
otherway.

- **ullpay:** Enwhay ouyay etrieveray ethay angeschay ademay 
otay ethay emoteray epositoryray omfray otherway onesclay.

- **ushpay:** Enwhay ouyay avesay ethay ommitscay ademay onway 
ouryay ocallay oneclay otay ethay emoteray epositoryray.

- **emoteray:** Ethay ersionvay ofway away epositoryray atthay 
isway ostedhay onway away erversay, inway ourway asecay onway 
Ithubgay.omcay.

##Ithubgay ermstay

- **ollaboratorcay:** Ethay eoplepay owhay ancay irectlyday 
ushpay otay away ivengay epositoryray. Atway Urbanway, 
everyoneway onway isthay eamtay ashay eenbay addedway asway away
 ollaboratorcay. Ithubgay alsoway akesmay itway ossiblepay otay 
ushpay odecay otay ojectspray atthay ou'reyay otnay away 
ollaboratorcay onway (asway onglay asway atthay ushpay isway 
aprovedway ybay away ollaboratorcay), ichwhay isway awesomeway 
utbay outsideway ethay opescay ofway isthay utorialtay. Ifway 
ou'reyay interestedway, eckchay outway [isthay articleway](
httpsay://elphay.ithubgay.omcay/articlesway/usingway-ullpay-
equestsray/) onway ithubgay.omcay aboutway ontributingcay otay 
epositoriesray enwhay ou'reyay otnay away ollaboratorcay.

- **issueway:** Away uggestionsay ademay onway ithubgay.omcay 
otay improveway away epositoryray, ixfay away ugbay, arifyclay 
anway explanationway, etcway. Anyoneway owhay ancay iewvay away 
epositoryray ancay openway anway issueway, andway ethay 
ollaboratorscay onway atthay epositoryray oderatemay ethay 
issuesway (orfay exampleway, **osingclay** anway issueway 
eansmay itway ashay eenbay olvedsay).

- **epositoryray:** Alsoway alledcay away **eporay**. Away 
ojectpray onway ithubgay, ademay upway ofway ultiplemay ilesfay 
andway oldersfay. Orfay exampleway, isthay epositoryray isway 
alledcay itgay-utorialtay


##Otherway ermstay

- **ommandcay inelay agflay:** Away ayway otay ecifyspay 
ertaincay optionsway enwhay unningray ommandscay omfray ethay 
Erminaltay. Oftenway eythay ooklay ikelay `ommandcay_amenay -xay
` orway `ommandcay_amenay --optionway` (otenay inglesay etterlay
 agsflay areway ecededpray ybay oneway ashday, ongerlay agsflay 
ybay otway ashesday)

- **environmentway ariablevay:** Away ariablevay, oftenway 
ivengay away aluevay inway ouryay **.ashbay_ofilepray** ilefay, 
atthay ancay ebay accessedway omfray anyway omptpray inway 
ouryay Ommandcay Inelay Interfaceway (eway.gay. ethay Erminaltay).



