#Ourway Itgay Orkflowway

##Oningclay away Epositoryray
(I'mway owingthray aroundway away otlay ofway itgay ecificspay 
erminologytay erehay, ifway ouyay eednay away efresherray ouyay 
ancay eckchay outway [ethay overviewway](overviewway.mday))

1. Otay oneclay away epositoryray ontoway ouryay ocallay 
omputercay, irstfay eadhay otay ethay epo'sray omehay agepay (
orfay isthay essonlay, et'slay oneclay ethay [itgay-utorialtay 
eporay](httpsay://ithubgay.omcay/UrbanInstituteway/itgay-
utorialtay))

2. Onway ethay ightray andhay idesay ofway ethay agepay, indfay 
ethay oneclay URLWAY, itway ookslay ikelay isthay:
![oneclay urlway](imagesway/oneclay_urlway.pngay)

3. Opycay ethay URLWAY

4. Inway away ewnay Erminaltay indowway, unray
```ashbay
itgay oneclay ethay_urlway
```
Erewhay `ethay_urlway` isway eplacedray ithway ethay URLWAY 
ouyay ustjay opiedcay.

5. Inway ethay Erminaltay, otay ovemay intoway ethay olderfay 
ouyay ustjay onedclay (ichwhay isway automaticallyway amednay "
itgay-utorialtay"), unray ```cday itgay-utorialtay```

##Oday omesay orkway!

1. Eatecray, eleteday, orway editway omesay ilesfay orway 
oldersfay. Ifway ouyay indfay ypostay etcway. inway esethay 
utorialstay, eelfay eefray otay editway emthay, utbay Iway 
alsoway ademay away olderfay alledcay [orkspaceway](orkspaceway
) erewhay ouyay ancay eatecray andway editway ilesfay. Aybemay 
akemay CSSAY ylesheetstay, orway itewray away istlay ofway 
instructionsway onway owhay otay akemay ethay estbay urkeytay 
andwichsay everway. Ateverwhay ouyay antway.

2. Ownay, omfray insideway ethay `itgay-utorialtay` olderfay 
unray 
```ashbay
itgay atusstay
```
Andway ouyay ouldshay eesay omethingsay atthay ookslay imilarsay
 otay isthay:
![itgay atusstay](imagesway/itgay_atusstay.pngay)
Isthay ivesgay ouyay away otlay ofway informationway, ichwhay 
I'llway ogay oughthray iecepay ybay iecepay.
- `Onway anchbray astermay` eansmay Iway amway orkingway inway 
ethay ainmay anchbray, alledcay astermay. Eesay elowbay orfay 
instructionsway onway eatingcray ewnay anchesbray.
- `Ouryay anchbray isway upway-otay-ateday ithway 'originway/
aster'may` eansmay atthay erethay areway urrentlycay onay 
angeschay eadyray otay ebay ushedpay otay ethay emoteray eporay.
- Ethay `Angeschay otnay agedstay orfay ommitcay` ectionsay 
istslay eethray ilesfay atthay avehay angedchay (EADMERAY.mday, 
overviewway.mday, andway orkingway.mday) incesay ymay astlay 
ushpay, utbay osethay angeschay avehay otnay eenbay avedsay 
inway away ommitcay.
- Ethay `Untrackedway ilesfay` ectionsay istslay ilesfay orway 
oldersfay atthay idday otnay existway atway ethay imetay ofway 
ymay astlay ushpay, andway avehay eenbay eatedcray incesay 
enthay.

3. Eforebay ouyay ommitcay ethay angeschay, ouyay eednay otay *
addway* emthay otay ethay ommitcay (ortsay ofway ikelay 
uttingpay emthay onway eckday). Isthay epstay isway artpay ofway
 ethay orkflowway inway orderway otay allowway ouyay otay oday 
away unchbay ofway orkway, enthay eparatesay itway intoway away 
ewfay ifferentday ommitscay. Orfay exampleway, aysay ou'reyay 
orkingway orfay away ewfay ourshay onway away aphicgray, inway 
orderway otay akemay itway olorblindcay ompliantcay. Ouyay 
ightmay addway allway ethay ilesfay inway away `cssay` olderfay 
otay oneway ommitcay, enthay ushpay itway ithway ethay ommitcay 
essagemay "updatedway ylesheetsstay otay atisfysay olorblindcay 
equirementsray." Enthay, ouyay ightmay addway ethay `EADMERAY.
mday` ilefay orway otherway ocumentationday ilesfay otay away 
ewnay ommitcay, andway ushpay itway ithway ethay essagemay "
Ocumentationday ownay escribesday olorblindcay ompliancecay 
andway esourcesray." Ifway atthay erminologytay eemssay ayway 
ootay enseday, eepkay eadingray, andway opefullyhay ingsthay 
illway ecomebay earclay.

Ouyay avehay away ewfay optionsway onway owhay otay addway 
ilesfay otay away ommitcay.

```ashbay
itgay addway -Away
```
illway addway allway ilesfay (ethay eethray .mday ilesfay asway 
ellway asway everythingway inway ethay `imagesway` olderfay, 
inway isthay asecay) otay ethay ommitcay. Ethay `-Away` andsstay
 orfay "allway."

*Away andyhay asideway: ifway erethay areway ilesfay ouyay 
evernay antway otay addway otay anyway ommitcay, ouyay ancay 
akemay away ecialspay iddenhay ilefay insideway ethay eporay 
alledcay `.itignoregay`. Inway ethay [itgay-utorialtay .
itigoregay](.itignoregay), Iway elltay itgay evernay everway 
otay addway ethay OSWAY XAY ilefay alledcay [.DSAY_Orestay](
httpay://enway.ikipediaway.orgway/ikiway/.DSAY_Orestay) atthay 
iveslay inway everyway olderfay andway oresstay infoway ikelay 
ilefay iconway ositionspay, asway ellway asway anyway ilefay 
atthay endsway inway .onfigcay (ichwhay ightmay ontaincay 
informationway ikelay asswordspay atthay Iway evernay antway 
otay ushpay otay ithubgay). Ithway away oodgay .itignoregay, 
ouyay ancay afelysay `itgay addway -Away` ithoutway orryingway 
aboutway accidentallyway addingway ilesfay atthay ouldn'tshay 
ebay ommittedcay*

```ashbay
itgay addway *.mday
```
illway addway anyway ilesfay atthay endway inway ".mday" otay 
ethay ommitcay. Inway isthay exampleway, isthay ouldway addway 
EADMERAY.mday, overviewway.mday, andway orkingway.mday.

```ashbay
itgay addway EADMERAY.mday
```
illway addway ustjay oneway ilefay, EADMERAY.mday, otay ethay 
ommitcay.

Afterway ouyay addway allway ethay .mday ilesfay, ouyay ancay 
unray
```ashbay
itgay atusstay
```
againway, andway ou'llyay eesay atthay ouryay angeschay areway 
ownay eadyray otay ebay ommittedcay, ayyay!
![itgay atusstay2](imagesway/itgay_atusstay2.pngay)

Inway eneralgay, ifway ou'reyay otnay uresay atwhay ethay extnay
 epstay isway, unningray `itgay atusstay` away otlay illway 
ivegay ouyay anway ideaway ofway atwhay ouyay ouldshay oday.

4. Extnay, ouyay eednay otay ommitcay ethay ilesfay (it'sway 
onfusingcay atthay "ommitcay" isway othbay away erbvay andway 
away ounnay. Eallyray, ou'reyay "ommittingcay(vay) ethay 
ommitcay(nay)" Ughway!) Allway ommitscay ouldshay ebay 
escribedday ybay away *ommitcay essagemay* atthay escribesday 
ethay angeschay ouyay ademay, asway away olewhay. Ere'shay away 
implesay exampleway ofway away ommitcay otay itgay-utorialtay, 
iewedvay onway ithubgay.omcay:
![implesay ommitcay](imagesway/implesay_ommitcay.pngay)
Otenay away ewfay ingsthay. Ethay ommitcay essagemay isway "
Exampleway ypotay ommitcay", ichwhay ellstay usway atthay Iway (
artoffbchay) ademay ethay ommitcay inway orderway otay owshay 
ouyay anway exampleway ofway away implesay ommitcay otay ixfay 
away ypotay. EADMERAY.mday ashay eenbay angedchay, andway 
ithubgay ighlightshay ineslay ithway eletionsday inway edray (
onway ethay eftlay), ithway ethay ecificspay eletedday 
aracterschay inway arkerday edray. Addedway ineslay/ 
aracterschay areway ownshay inway eengray onway ethay ightray.

Ethay agepay orfay isthay ommitcay isway [erehay](httpsay://
ithubgay.omcay/UrbanInstituteway/itgay-utorialtay/ommitcay/away7
fcay4efbay6edday493cay62fday60229edway2ebcway9efway20acay14), 
orway ouyay ancay ickclay onway ![ommitscay inklay](imagesway/
ommitscay_inklay.pngay) atway ethay optay ofway ethay epo'sray 
ainmay agepay (ethay umbernay illway ebay ifferentday ofway 
oursecay).

Otay akemay away ommitcay, unray ethay ollowingfay ommandcay:
```ashbay
itgay ommitcay -may "Erehay isway erewhay ouyay utpay ouryay 
ommitcay essagemay"
```

Ownay allway osethay angeschay ouyay ademay areway oredstay 
inway away inglesay ommitcay.

Ometimessay, ouyay ightmay oday away otlay ofway orkway orfay 
oneway ommitcay, at'sthay ifficultday otay escribeday inway away
 iefbray ommitcay essagemay. Ifway osay, ouyay ancay akemay away
 ongerlay, oremay organizedway ommitcay essagemay ybay ustjay 
unningray:
```ashbay
itgay ommitcay
```
(Otenay ere'sthay onay `-may` agflay) Isthay illway openway 
upway ouryay exttay editorway (eckchay outway ethay [etupsay](
etupsay.mday) utorialtay orfay instructionsway onway usingway 
Ublimesay asway it'sgay efaultday editorway), erewhay ouyay 
ancay itewray away ongerlay ommitcay essagemay. Avesay andway 
oseclay ethay ilefay, andway ouryay essagemay illway ebay 
oredstay. *Otenay: Onglay ommitcay essagesmay ancay ebay 
ittenwray usingway "ithubgay avoredflay arkdownmay", ichwhay 
isway away ayway ouyay ancay easilyway oday ingsthay ikelay 
akemay istslay, oldbay orway italicizeway, akemay eadershay, 
itewray odecay inway osethay iftynay ittlelay eygray oxesbay 
atthay areway allway overway isthay utorialtay, etcway. EADMERAY
 ilesfay andway ilesfay ikelay isthay oneway areway ittenwray 
inway arkdownmay, ybay avingsay away exttay ilefay ithway ethay
 ".mday" extensionway. Ouyay ancay alsoway useway [anymay htmlay
 agstay](httpsay://ithubgay.omcay/ithubgay/arkupmay/eetray/
astermay#htmlay-anitizationsay) inway away .mday ocumentday. 
Ouyay ancay eadray oremay aboutway [ithubgay avoredflay 
arkdownmay erehay](httpsay://elphay.ithubgay.omcay/articlesway/
ithubgay-avoredflay-arkdownmay/)*

[Omesay eoplepay](httpay://obotsray.oughtbotthay.omcay/5-
usefulway-ipstay-orfay-away-etterbay-ommitcay-essagemay) inkthay
 ouyay ouldshay alwaysway itewray onglay, etailedday ommitcay 
essagesmay, althoughway oftenway ey'rethay otnay eccessarynay, 
Iway inkthay. Onglay ommitscay areway eatgray enwhay ouyay idday
 "otslay ofway ittlelay ingsthay", ikelay [isthay exampleway](
httpsay://ithubgay.omcay/UrbanInstituteway/itgay-utorialtay/
ommitcay/7eway1fay885187eway93627afay0fay763adbway75dday7bcay04
fbay43away), orway away [oremay ealisticray exampleway](httpsay
://ithubgay.omcay/UIWAY-Esearchray/UIWAY-Aphicsgray/ommitcay/860
fay33932bay0ffay7225eway7fay7900bfay3cay6dbay7away70eway6bay0fay
) omfray omesay orkway Iway idday odaytay onway anotherway 
ojectpray.

5. Okway, ou'veyay ommitedcay ouryay angeschay (ouyay ancay 
oubleday eckchay ithway anotherway `itgay atusstay`), ownay 
ouyay eednay otay ushpay emthay otay ithubgay. Irstfay, unray
```ashbay
itgay ullpay
```
Isthay illway ullpay angeschay ownday omfray ethay emoteray 
ithubgay eporay atthay otherway usersway avehay ademay incesay 
ethay astlay imetay ouyay ushedpay orway ulledpay. It'sway 
orthway otingnay atthay almostway everythingway ou'veyay oneday 
osay arfay inway isthay utorialtay (`addway`, `atusstay`, `
ommitcay`) ancay ebay oneday ithoutway anway internetway 
onnectioncay. It'sway onlyway enwhay ouyay ushpay orway ullpay 
atthay ou'reyay onnectingcay otay ethay emoteray ithubgay, 
oughthray ethay internetway. Ometimessay, ethay angeschay ouyay 
areway yingtray otay ullpay ownday ightmay ontradictcay ethay 
angeschay ouyay ourselfyay avehay ademay, utbay otnay etyay 
ushedpay. Ifway at'sthay ethay asecay, eckchay outway ethay [
esolvingray away ergemay onflictcay](#esolvingray-away-ergemay-
onflictcay) ectionsay elowbay.

6. Ifway ethay ullpay entway OKWAY, ouyay ancay ownay unray
```ashbay
itgay ushpay
```
andway ouryay angeschay illway ebay avedsay otay ithubgay!

7. It'sway oodgay acticepray otay akemay otslay ofway equentfray
 ommitscay, ithway escriptiveday essagesmay, orfay away umbernay
 ofway easonsray:
- Itgay akesmay itway easyway otay ollbackray away ojectpray 
otay ethay ayway itway ookedlay atway ethay imetay ofway away 
ertaincay ommitcay. Ifway ouyay akemay otslay ofway ittlelay 
ommitscay, ouyay ancay etgay akemay itway easyway otay 
ollbackray away istakemay orway editway, ithoutway alsoway 
erasingway orkway ou'dyay ikelay otay eepkay.
- Ookinglay atway away ellway eptkay ommitcay istoryhay, it'sway
 easyway otay eesay owhay orkedway onway away ojectpray, enwhay 
eythay orkedway, atwhay eythay idday, andway ywhay eythay idday 
itway. Ifway omething'ssay okenbray, orway ouyay avehay away 
estionquay, ouyay ancay ogay otay ethay ommitcay istoryhay otay 
elphay iagnoseday ethay oblempray, orway igurefay outway owhay 
otay askway orfay elphay.
- Ethay oremay oftenway ouyay ushpay angeschay, ethay esslay 
ikelylay itway isway ou'llyay encounterway away ergemay 
onflictcay.

Otenay:
Ometimessay, ouyay ightmay antway otay ullpay angeschay ownday 
omfray ithubgay, andway otallytay overwriteway ateverwhay 
ocallay orkway ou'veyay oneday atthay isway ifferentday omfray 
ethay emoteray ersionvay onway ithubgay. <ongstray olorcay = "
edray">AUTIONCAY:</ongstray> unningray isthay ommandcay isway 
ortsay ofway ethay equivilantway ofway osingclay away ilefay 
andway electingsay "On'tday Avesay," osay akemay uresay ouyay 
eallyray antway otay oday itway. Ithoutway addingway, 
ommitingcay, ushingpay, orway ullingpay, unray
```ashbay
itgay esetray --ardhay
```
Andway enthay
```ashbay
itgay ullpay
```
andway ouryay ocallay eporay illway yncsay upway ithway ethay 
emoteray ithubgay eporay, overwritingway allway ouryay ocallay 
angeschay.


##Orkingway onway anchesbray


